
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001890                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1890485000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 1890485000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 265249                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   479896                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              478463085                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1048039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1896144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           812800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              832832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks       549248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           549248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data             12700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks           8582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            10596223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           429942581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              440538804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       10596223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10596223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        290532853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             290532853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        290532853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           10596223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          429942581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             731071656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13013                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13013                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  832832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   547840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   832832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                549248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1890416000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13013                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     625.212892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    429.915415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    405.183539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           178      8.08%      8.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          529     24.01%     32.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           97      4.40%     36.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          113      5.13%     41.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           88      3.99%     45.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           91      4.13%     49.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           71      3.22%     52.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      3.68%     56.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          955     43.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       26.381339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.846286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     181.104820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            490     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.41%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.363083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.337235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.934880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               157     31.85%     31.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.20%     32.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               334     67.75%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     202460250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                446454000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15558.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34308.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        440.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        289.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     440.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     290.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7680                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 89.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       87539.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   7832580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   4140345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 46652760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                22143240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          101415600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             141448350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               6785760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy        318956610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy         65502720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy         173396820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy               888274785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             469.866085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            1562510250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       5441000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       42990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     692573000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    170577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      279447500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    699456500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   7982520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   4220040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 46260060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                22539960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          108176640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             151479780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               7650720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        317637630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         77967360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy         162689280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy               906603990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             479.561589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            1538331500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       6804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       45868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     638754500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    203042750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      299367750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    696648000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  109266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            109266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               108881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 81                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          108881                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             106595                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2286                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          463                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      501725                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      251682                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      201979                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           140                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          1890486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             211008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1058331                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      109266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             106857                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       1665531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                          2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           484                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           15                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    201876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            1877709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.020695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.345880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  1551396     82.62%     82.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      276      0.01%     82.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     9628      0.51%     83.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      179      0.01%     83.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   109603      5.84%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      200      0.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    97045      5.17%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      238      0.01%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   109144      5.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              1877709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.057798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.559820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   144497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               1436601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    253337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 42642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    632                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1914300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    632                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   173444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  315663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            669                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    266981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               1120320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1912601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     56                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                1101435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             2183274                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               4342678                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          2773839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             50784                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               2165630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    17644                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             16                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    260861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               502320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              252242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            324899                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            68750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1909091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  77                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1905023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                83                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           13023                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             69                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       1877709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.014546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.842471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             1321730     70.39%     70.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              125008      6.66%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               59311      3.16%     80.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               78762      4.19%     84.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              141173      7.52%     91.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               81875      4.36%     96.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               38117      2.03%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               31526      1.68%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 207      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         1877709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    6430     14.63%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     2      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     14.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  37485     85.28%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    26      0.06%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 2      0.00%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               11      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               334      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1150772     60.41%     60.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    6      0.00%     60.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    29      0.00%     60.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 192      0.01%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               501824     26.34%     86.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              201640     10.58%     97.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              66      0.00%     97.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          50160      2.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1905023                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.007690                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       43956                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.023074                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            5630920                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1871502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1853021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              100874                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              50701                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        50401                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                1898201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   50444                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           500079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1565                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    632                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                313623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1909168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                502320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               252242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 36                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      8                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                313610                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             96                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1904021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                501722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       753401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   107694                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     251679                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.007160                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1903667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1903422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   1528211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1640072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.006843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.931795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           13023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls               8                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               620                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1875486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.011015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.120185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1402710     74.79%     74.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       103015      5.49%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12140      0.65%     80.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       169237      9.02%     89.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          334      0.02%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        50202      2.68%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           92      0.00%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        93808      5.00%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43948      2.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1875486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              1048039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1896144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         751770                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                        500755                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     107189                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      50331                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   1895991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                   88                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           40      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          1144174     60.34%     60.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     60.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            134      0.01%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          500727     26.41%     86.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         200855     10.59%     97.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           28      0.00%     97.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        50160      2.65%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           1896144                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 43948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      3740705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     3820593                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             179                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           12777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1048039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1896144                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.803832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.803832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.554375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.554375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  2758727                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 1543811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     50548                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      193                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    537933                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   629206                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  970110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             11679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           981.125428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              239738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             12703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.872550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            222000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   981.125428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.958130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            517809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           517809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       238426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         238426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        239738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       239738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        12590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        12815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          12815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        12815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         12815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     22059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1391173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1391173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1413232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1413232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1413232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1413232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       251016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       251016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       252553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       252553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       252553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       252553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        98040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 110498.252581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110498.252581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 110279.516192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110279.516192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 110279.516192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110279.516192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          632                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.133333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             11629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1365993000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365993000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1378743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1378743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1378743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1378743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 112831.858407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112831.858407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108498.252581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108498.252581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108536.802330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108536.802330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108536.802330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108536.802330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           208.539800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              201434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            578.833333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   208.539800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.814609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            404100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           404100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       201434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          201434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        201434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           201434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       201434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          201434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       201876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       201876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       201876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       201876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       201876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97574.660633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97574.660633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97574.660633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97574.660633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97574.660633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97574.660633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           51                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100630.372493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100630.372493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100630.372493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100630.372493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100630.372493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100630.372493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          24866                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11815                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              212                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          212                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20211                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               520                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              12590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             12590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   37917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1557248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  1579520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              8917                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                      549248                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              21969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.009923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.099121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    21751     99.01%     99.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      218      0.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                21969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             48124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            38109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 8917                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3598.672356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.908553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    66.168565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3532.503792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.016154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.862428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.878582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211901                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst               35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst              35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 38                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        12590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          12590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          12700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         12700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1328223000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1328223000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33324000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     12333000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     45657000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1340556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1373880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1340556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1373880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        12590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          349                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        12703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        12703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.899713                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.917749                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.899713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.997089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.899713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.997089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105498.252581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105498.252581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106127.388535                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112118.181818                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107681.603774                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106127.388535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105555.590551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105569.386814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106127.388535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105555.590551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105569.386814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks            8582                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8582                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        12590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1076423000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076423000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27064000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10133000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37197000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1086556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1113620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1086556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1113620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.899713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.899713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.899713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85498.252581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85498.252581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86191.082803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 92118.181818                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87728.773585                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86191.082803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85555.590551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85570.923621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86191.082803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85555.590551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85570.923621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21742                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8731                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1890485000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        34755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1382080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1382080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1382080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             13013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   13013    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               13013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            56070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           68536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
