
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.065089                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65088911000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                65088911000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 215364                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   294740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              737612939                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    88.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    19004263                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      26008591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data         16012736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            16032704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks         7232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data            250199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               250511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst              306780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           246013273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              246320053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         306780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            306780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks           111110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                111110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks           111110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst             306780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          246013273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             246431162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       250511                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         113                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     250511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                16032320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 16032704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              15674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              15683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              15632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              15637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              15638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              15629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              15670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              15641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             15621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             15616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             15685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             15747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             15646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             15647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    65088770000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 250511                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   113                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   250298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       129500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     123.831351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     85.893924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    145.649448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        109870     84.84%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          911      0.70%     85.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1162      0.90%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6733      5.20%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10805      8.34%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        129500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     271.571315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1185.770129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              3     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5754352000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10451320750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1252525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      22971.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 41721.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        246.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     246.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       32.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    121007                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       82                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      259706.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     48.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 462343560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 245714865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                894156480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  135720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          5137775760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            2799834300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             342968160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy      25759782570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy        600970080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             36243681495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             556.833429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime           58057805750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      50141000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     2173340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1563345250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     4807558500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  56494526250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 462372120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 245737635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                894449220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  365400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          5137775760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            2801625810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             342334080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy      25757845140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy        601727040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             36244232205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             556.841890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime           58055471750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      50600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     2173340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1565303250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     4809364750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  56490303000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 1003530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           1003530                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              1003151                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         1003151                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            1000787                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2364                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          439                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    10002459                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5001732                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          3983                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2002826                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         65088912                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            2011657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       19023571                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     1003530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            1001057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      63062247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   49                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           575                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           15                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   2002717                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           65075391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.400176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.557606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 60319081     92.69%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      254      0.00%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1000244      1.54%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      233      0.00%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  1000593      1.54%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      242      0.00%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1000609      1.54%     97.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      158      0.00%     97.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  1753977      2.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             65075391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.015418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.292271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  1007095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              60812500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      4448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               3250507                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    841                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               26034713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    841                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  1219996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                51264704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   1698165                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              10890980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               26031853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                9544168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                    692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   2929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            24033141                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              67078534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         45047832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               862                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              24009338                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    23803                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 21                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             16                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  21326849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             10004742                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             5003322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           6001016                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          5000721                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   26027420                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  92                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  26019666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                62                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           18920                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        30400                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      65075391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.399839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.661284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            44454181     68.31%     68.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            16232291     24.94%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             3385605      5.20%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1000741      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 756      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 698      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 618      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 288      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 213      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        65075391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     138     71.13%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     71.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     8      4.12%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     19      9.79%     85.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    22     11.34%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 1      0.52%     96.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                6      3.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               336      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              11014472     42.33%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    5      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    27      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 197      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     42.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             10002675     38.44%     80.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             5001732     19.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              68      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            154      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               26019666                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.399756                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         194                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000007                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          117114104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          26045902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     26017230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 875                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                786                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          386                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               26019080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     444                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          2000061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          258                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    841                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                31640364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                336876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            26027512                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              10004742                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              5003322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 41                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 293687                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2530                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            258                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              26018404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              10002455                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     15004184                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  1001491                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    5001729                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.399736                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       26017923                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      26017616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  18199795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  19205237                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.399724                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.947648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           18920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls               8                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               612                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     65072257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.399688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.697366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     45069675     69.26%     69.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16000601     24.59%     93.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2000600      3.07%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2000400      3.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          374      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          167      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           93      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           75      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          272      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     65072257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             19004263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               26008591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       15001762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      10000756                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    1000935                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                        302                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  26008454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                   87                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           39      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         11006646     42.32%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            118      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        10000730     38.45%     80.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        5000854     19.23%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           26      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          26008591                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   272                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     91099496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    52058212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           13521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    19004263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      26008591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.424964                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.424964                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.291974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.291974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 45023173                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                20014218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       529                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      184                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                   5006922                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                  4004254                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                17008608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            249178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1020.939340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            12752976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            250202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             50.970720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            242000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1020.939340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          26256788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         26256788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7752061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7752061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5000915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5000915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      12752976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         12752976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     12752976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        12752976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       250225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        250225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       250317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         250317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       250317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        250317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  29574976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29574976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10033000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10033000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  29585009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29585009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29585009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29585009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8002286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8002286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      5001007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5001007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     13003293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13003293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     13003293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13003293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 118193.529823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118193.529823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109054.347826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109054.347826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 118190.170863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118190.170863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 118190.170863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118190.170863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.739130                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       250110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       250202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       250202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29065827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29065827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9849000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9849000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29075676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29075676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29075676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29075676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 116212.174643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116212.174643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 107054.347826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107054.347826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 116208.807284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116208.807284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 116208.807284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116208.807284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           212.954683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2002282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           5837.556851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   212.954683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.831854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           4005777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          4005777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      2002282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2002282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       2002282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2002282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      2002282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2002282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2002717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2002717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2002717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2002717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2002717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2002717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98211.494253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98211.494253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98211.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98211.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98211.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98211.494253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           91                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99738.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99738.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99738.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99738.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99738.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99738.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         499854                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       249309                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              214                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          214                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              250453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           226                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            495497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         250454                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       749582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                  750399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     16020160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 16042112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                            246415                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                        7232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             496961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.000443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.021036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   496741     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      220      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total               496961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            500080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           750606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements               246415                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4066.654697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 249316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               250511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.995230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     4.051828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4062.602868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.991846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4249303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4249303                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst               31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst              31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total             92                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       250107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       250420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         250199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            250512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        250199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           250512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9573000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9573000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32619000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  28315422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  28348041000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28324995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28357614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28324995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28357614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       250110                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       250454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       250202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          250546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       250202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         250546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.909884                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.909884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.909884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 104054.347826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104054.347826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104214.057508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 113213.232736                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113201.984666                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104214.057508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 113209.864948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113198.625216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104214.057508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 113209.864948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113198.625216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250107                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       250420                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       250512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       250512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26379000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23313282000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23339661000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23321015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23347394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23321015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23347394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.909884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.909884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.909884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84054.347826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84054.347826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84277.955272                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 93213.232736                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93202.064532                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84277.955272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 93209.864948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93198.705052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84277.955272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 93209.864948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93198.705052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        496732                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       246222                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65088911000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             250419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           246108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        250419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       747243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       747243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 747243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     16039936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     16039936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                16039936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            250511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  250511    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              250511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           497184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1372597500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
