
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3923981000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 3923981000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 340439                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   572203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              304610939                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     4385511                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7371080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           812672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              832704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks       548864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           548864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data             12698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks           8576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             5105020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           207103959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              212208979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        5105020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5105020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks        139874276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             139874276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks        139874276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            5105020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          207103959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             352083254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13011                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8576                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  832704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   547840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   832704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                548864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3923943000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13011                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     603.665059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    428.988237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    381.846088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           204      8.94%      8.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          450     19.73%     28.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          153      6.71%     35.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      6.31%     41.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      5.83%     47.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          168      7.37%     54.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          135      5.92%     60.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          117      5.13%     65.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          777     34.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       26.443089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.877959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     181.386196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            489     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.41%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.398374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.371743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               151     30.69%     30.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               339     68.90%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.20%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                 1      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     192793750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                436750000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14817.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33567.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        212.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        139.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     212.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     139.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11624                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 89.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      181773.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   8218140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   4349070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 46695600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                22221540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          374930400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             215763810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              26595360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy        743134650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy        486075840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy         216608040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy              2145772350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             546.835561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            3378668500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      51071000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      159686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     483414750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1265811250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      334489750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1629508250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   8146740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   4307325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 46202940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                22461660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          363252240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             226859430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy              25407360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        746382510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy        450221760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy         226135500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy              2120699175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             540.445832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            3357468750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      48288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      154680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     548116500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1172457750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      363544250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1636894500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  209397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            209397                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               121473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 88                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          121473                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             119119                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2354                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          453                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     2019339                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      339153                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           212                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      377310                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          3923982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             386321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        4397156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      209397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             119417                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       3522056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   48                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           622                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    377197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   310                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            3909746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.891171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.163774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  2679347     68.53%     68.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   160280      4.10%     72.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    55842      1.43%     74.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    62778      1.61%     75.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    60794      1.55%     77.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   102706      2.63%     79.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    50901      1.30%     81.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    25195      0.64%     81.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   711903     18.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              3909746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.053363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.120585                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   176941                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               2804566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    540872                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                386703                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                7391354                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   332580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  331367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    771892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2472340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                7389283                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1937478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 425823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             8897735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              13533013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          7700668                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           2013649                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               8878069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    19666                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 25                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   2053164                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              1815135                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              339768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            726720                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           178895                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    7385350                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  81                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   7585862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                84                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           14350                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19319                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       3909746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.940244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.357423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             1818497     46.51%     46.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              383223      9.80%     56.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              435220     11.13%     67.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              216253      5.53%     72.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              357963      9.16%     82.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              267760      6.85%     88.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              194743      4.98%     93.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              144366      3.69%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               91721      2.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         3909746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     124      0.22%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    10      0.02%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  30037     52.29%     52.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     5      0.01%     52.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             27260     47.45%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               12      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               323      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               3376264     44.51%     44.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    6      0.00%     44.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    29      0.00%     44.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             1850385     24.39%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              1101983     14.53%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              101631      1.34%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          917581     12.10%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         237660      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                7585862                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.933205                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       57448                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.007573                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           13100450                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           4598245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4578485                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             6038552                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            2801566                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2800596                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                4610072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 3032915                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1099943                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       204962                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                329353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             7385431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               1815135                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               339768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 38                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      5                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                329344                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            115                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               7584652                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               2019336                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      2358487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   207737                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     339151                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.932897                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        7379341                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       7379081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   5395645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   6532426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.880508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.825979                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           14351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls               8                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3907387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.886447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.086263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547136     65.19%     65.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246796      6.32%     71.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        18366      0.47%     71.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       281717      7.21%     79.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          339      0.01%     79.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          155      0.00%     79.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        87590      2.24%     81.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87574      2.24%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       637714     16.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3907387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              4385511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                7371080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        2151766                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       1813252                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     207181                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    2800304                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   5520944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                   88                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           36      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          3369135     45.71%     45.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     45.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     45.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        1850117     25.10%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         1100729     14.93%     85.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         100855      1.37%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       712523      9.67%     96.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       237659      3.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           7371080                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                637714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     10655104                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    14773257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           14236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4385511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       7371080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.894760                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.894760                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.117618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.117618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  8094238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 4269263                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   2013077                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  2562903                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                   1237982                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                  2054399                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 2775280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             11677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1003.220141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1040027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             12701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             81.885442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            222000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1003.220141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.979707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           2118387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          2118387                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       714102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          714102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       325925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         325925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       1040027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          1040027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1040027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         1040027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        12590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         12816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     23950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1380612000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1380612000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1404562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1404562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1404562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1404562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       714328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       714328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       338515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1052843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1052843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1052843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1052843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105973.451327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105973.451327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109659.412232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109659.412232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109594.413233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109594.413233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109594.413233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109594.413233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             11627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1355249000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355249000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1368359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1368359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1368359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1368359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.012064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 116017.699115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116017.699115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 107661.979663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107661.979663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 107736.319975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107736.319975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 107736.319975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107736.319975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           208.286002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              376754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1098.408163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   208.286002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.813617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.813617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            754737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           754737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       376754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          376754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        376754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           376754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       376754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          376754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44793999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44793999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44793999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44793999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44793999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44793999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       377197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       377197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       377197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       377197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       377197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       377197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101115.121896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101115.121896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101115.121896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101115.121896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101115.121896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101115.121896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           43                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35670999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35670999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35670999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35670999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35670999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35670999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103694.764535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103694.764535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103694.764535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103694.764535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103694.764535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103694.764535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          24855                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11813                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              215                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          215                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 456                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              12588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             12588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   37898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  1578880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              8916                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                      548928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              21960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.010155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.100260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    21737     98.98%     98.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      223      1.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                21960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             48109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            38103000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 8915                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3855.672173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.907693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    33.334473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3822.337700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.008138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.933188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.941326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211803                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst               29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst              29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 32                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        12588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          12588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          12698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         12698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1317485000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1317485000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34019000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     12692000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     46711000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1330177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1364196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1330177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1364196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        12588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          456                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        12701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        12701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.915452                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.929825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.915452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.997547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.915452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.997547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 104661.979663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104661.979663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 108340.764331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 115381.818182                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110167.452830                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 108340.764331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 104754.843282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104841.377190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 108340.764331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 104754.843282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104841.377190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks            8576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           27                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        12588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1065725000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1065725000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27759000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10492000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38251000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1076217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1076217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.915452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.973451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.915452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.915452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84661.979663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84661.979663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88404.458599                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 95381.818182                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90214.622642                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88404.458599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84754.843282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84842.914233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88404.458599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84754.843282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84842.914233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21737                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8728                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3923981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        34748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1381568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1381568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1381568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             13011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   13011    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               13011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            56041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           68683250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
