
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006401                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6401019000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 6401019000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 216359                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   296384                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              727272932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 812484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1904263                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2608591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data          1612864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1632704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks         7232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data             25201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             3099507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           251969882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              255069388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        3099507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3099507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          1129820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1129820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          1129820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            3099507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          251969882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             256199208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25511                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         113                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1632448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1632704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6400884000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25511                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   113                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.261660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.959169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    189.324504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6518     71.36%     71.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          152      1.66%     73.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          117      1.28%     74.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          695      7.61%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1633     17.88%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.05%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.04%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     167.978754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1587.316478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              3     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     33.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     446303750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                924560000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   127535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      17497.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 36247.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        255.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     255.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       28.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16378                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      249800.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                  32415600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                  17206530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 90606600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  501120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          331290960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             249130470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               8721600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy       1584806340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy         48479040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy         537473460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy              2900631720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             453.151556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            5831903750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       4181000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      140164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    2230269250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    126381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      424704500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3475318750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                  32858280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                  17457000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 91513380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          339281280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             252973980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               9275520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy       1625108190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         49543680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy         513227460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy              2931238770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             457.933146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            5820232500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       5050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      143544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    2129243750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    128928500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      430231250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3564021500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  103166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            103166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               102784                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     276                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 87                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          102784                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             100398                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2386                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          442                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1001809                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           471                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      201989                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           146                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          6401020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             210630                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1915723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      103166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             100674                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       6175880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   46                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           614                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    201879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   286                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            6387826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.411884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.579966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  5908158     92.49%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      260      0.00%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   100164      1.57%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      216      0.00%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   100265      1.57%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      259      0.00%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   100216      1.57%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      148      0.00%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   178140      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              6387826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.016117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.299284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   109843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               5948414                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                325487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                2628001                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   135156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 4994977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    178540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               1077802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                2626105                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 950043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                     66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   2657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             2427905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               6763653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          4537715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               854                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               2409338                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    18567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 22                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   2126421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              1002643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              502324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            600158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           500126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    2622321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  99                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   2617706                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                60                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           13828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       6387826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.409796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.673878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             4326630     67.73%     67.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1613625     25.26%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              344606      5.39%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              100603      1.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 622      0.01%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 630      0.01%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 580      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 298      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 232      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         6387826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     151     73.66%     73.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     73.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     73.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     8      3.90%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     19      9.27%     86.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    20      9.76%     96.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 1      0.49%     97.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                6      2.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               340      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1113389     42.53%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    5      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    27      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 197      0.01%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              1001923     38.27%     80.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              501603     19.16%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              68      0.00%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            154      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                2617706                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.408951                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         205                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000078                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           11622628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           2635503                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2615536                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 875                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                780                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          386                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                2617127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     444                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           200077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1887                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            68                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3042815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 39729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             2622420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               1002643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               502324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 44                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  37509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  770                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               2616598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               1001805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      1503430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   101430                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     501625                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.408778                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        2616208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       2615922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   1829433                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1934831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.408673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.945526                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           13828                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls               8                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      6385516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.408517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.704886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      4382632     68.63%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1600886     25.07%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       200646      3.14%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       200450      3.14%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          357      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          164      0.00%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           82      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           69      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          230      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      6385516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              1904263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                2608591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        1501762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       1000756                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     100935                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                        302                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   2608454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                   87                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           39      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          1106646     42.42%     42.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     42.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            118      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         1000730     38.36%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         500854     19.20%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           26      0.00%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           2608591                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      9007705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     5247183                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           13194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1904263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       2608591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.361416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.361416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.297494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.297494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  4521106                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 2012667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       529                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      184                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    506549                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   404120                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 1707606                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1002.710162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1277316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             25202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             50.683120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            228000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1002.710162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.979209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           2630432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          2630432                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       776401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          776401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       500915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         500915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       1277316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          1277316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1277316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         1277316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        25207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         25207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        25299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          25299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        25299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         25299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2843388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2843388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10146000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10146000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2853534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2853534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2853534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2853534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       801608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       801608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       501007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       501007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1302615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1302615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1302615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1302615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112801.523386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112801.523386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 110282.608696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110282.608696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112792.363335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112792.363335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112792.363335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112792.363335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1521                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.130435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2779472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2779472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2789434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2789434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2789434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2789434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110691.835922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110691.835922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108282.608696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108282.608696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110683.041028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110683.041028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110683.041028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110683.041028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           212.541074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              201453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            596.014793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   212.541074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.830239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            404096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           404096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       201453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          201453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        201453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           201453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       201453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          201453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     41233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     41233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       201879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       201879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       201879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       201879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       201879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96791.079812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96791.079812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96791.079812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96791.079812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96791.079812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96791.079812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99663.716814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99663.716814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99663.716814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99663.716814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99663.716814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99663.716814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          49844                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              214                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          214                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               25448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           226                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             45492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          25449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   75384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1620160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  1641792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                             21415                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                        7232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              46956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.004664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.068134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    46737     99.53%     99.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      219      0.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                46956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             50070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            75606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                21415                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3808.218520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                25511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.952883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.115260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3766.103261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.010282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.919459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.929741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               424231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              424231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst               28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst              28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total             92                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        25109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        25420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          25201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           311                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         25201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9686000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9686000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32173000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2704112000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2736285000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2713798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2745971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2713798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2745971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          339                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        25110                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        25202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           25541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        25202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          25541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998860                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 105282.608696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105282.608696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103450.160772                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107694.930105                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107642.997640                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103450.160772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107686.123567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107634.485732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103450.160772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107686.123567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107634.485732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          311                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25109                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        25420                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7846000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7846000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25973000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2201932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2227905000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2209778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2235751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2209778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2235751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85282.608696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85282.608696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83514.469453                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87694.930105                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87643.784422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83514.469453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87686.123567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87635.269677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83514.469453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87686.123567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87635.269677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         46730                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6401019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            21106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         25419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        72241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1639936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1639936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1639936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             25511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   25511    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               25511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            47182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          137691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
