
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006399                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6398692000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 6398692000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 214697                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   294106                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              721421719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 813116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1904263                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2608591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data          1612800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1632768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks         7232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data             25200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst             3120638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           252051513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              255172151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        3120638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3120638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          1130231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1130231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          1130231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst            3120638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          252051513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             256302382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25512                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         113                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1632320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1632768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6398551000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25512                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   113                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.715925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.736146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    188.446744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6540     71.48%     71.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          151      1.65%     73.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          114      1.25%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          694      7.59%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1636     17.88%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.07%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      872.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     126.598402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1826.274815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              4     80.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.381380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.894427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     445194500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                923413250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   127525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      17455.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 36205.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        255.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     255.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16360                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       69                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      249699.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                  32515560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                  17255865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 90442380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  323640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          331290960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             248948640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               8779200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy       1584929460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy         48458880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy         536922360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy              2899866945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             453.196832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            5829936250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       4181000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      140164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    2227973250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    126250500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      424345000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3475778250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                  32872560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                  17464590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 91663320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          342354480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             257417700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               9427200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy       1618416960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         60653280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy         507917940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy              2938292430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             459.202042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            5807562500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       5599000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      144862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    2102516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    157952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      438654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3549108750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  103159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            103159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               102791                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          102791                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             100407                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2384                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          444                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1001821                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           472                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      201997                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           146                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          6398693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             211179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1915945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      103159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches             100669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       6172634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   46                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           614                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    201887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            6385131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.412100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.580359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  5905429     92.49%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      252      0.00%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   100161      1.57%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      216      0.00%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   100273      1.57%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      264      0.00%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   100232      1.57%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      145      0.00%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   178159      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              6385131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.016122                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.299428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   107140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               5948388                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                325477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                2628230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   132462                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 4988574                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    175438                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               1087274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                2626271                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 956360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                     73                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   2689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             2428028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               6764084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          4538002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               854                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               2409338                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    18690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 22                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   2132739                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              1002711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores              502377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads            600196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           500143                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    2622590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  94                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   2617793                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                69                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           14092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       6385131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.409983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        0.674006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             4323921     67.72%     67.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1613599     25.27%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              344638      5.40%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              100609      1.58%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 608      0.01%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 639      0.01%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 586      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 300      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 231      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         6385131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     144     72.73%     72.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     72.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     72.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     8      4.04%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     20     10.10%     86.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    19      9.60%     96.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 1      0.51%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                6      3.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               337      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1113450     42.53%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    5      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    29      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 197      0.01%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     42.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              1001931     38.27%     80.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              501622     19.16%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              68      0.00%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            154      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                2617793                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.409114                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         198                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000076                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           11620109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           2636035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2615628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 875                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                780                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          386                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                2617210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     444                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           200062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1955                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            64                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3026852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 36685                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             2622684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               1002711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               502377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 42                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  31204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2327                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               2616691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               1001816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      1503453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   101435                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                     501637                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.408941                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        2616304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       2616014                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   1829511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1934926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.408836                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.945520                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           14094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls               8                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      6382788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.408691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.704999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      4379909     68.62%     68.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1600887     25.08%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       200644      3.14%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       200445      3.14%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          355      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          159      0.00%     99.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           86      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           74      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          229      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      6382788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts              1904263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                2608591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        1501762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       1000756                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     100935                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                        302                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   2608454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                   87                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           39      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          1106646     42.42%     42.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     42.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               21      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            118      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         1000730     38.36%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         500854     19.20%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           26      0.00%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           2608591                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      9005244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     5247748                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           13562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1904263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       2608591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.360194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.360194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.297602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.297602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  4521203                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 2012747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       529                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      184                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    506547                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   404109                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 1707670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1003.074814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1277341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             25201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             50.686124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            228000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1003.074814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.979565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           2630487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          2630487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       776426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          776426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       500915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         500915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       1277341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          1277341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1277341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         1277341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        25210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         25210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        25302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          25302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        25302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         25302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2841139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2841139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10580000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10580000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2851719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2851719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2851719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2851719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       801636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       801636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       501007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       501007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1302643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1302643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1302643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1302643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112698.889330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112698.889330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       115000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       115000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112707.256343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112707.256343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112707.256343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112707.256343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1460                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2776822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2776822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10396000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10396000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2787218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2787218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2787218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2787218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110590.704528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110590.704528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       113000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110599.500020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110599.500020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110599.500020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110599.500020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           212.540749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              201455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            592.514706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   212.540749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.830237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            404114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           404114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       201455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          201455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        201455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           201455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       201455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          201455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       201887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       201887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       201887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       201887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       201887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101092.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101092.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101092.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101092.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101092.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101092.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           91                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102621.700880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102621.700880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102621.700880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102621.700880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102621.700880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102621.700880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          49846                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              214                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          214                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               25449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           226                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             45494                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          25450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   75387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1620096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  1641856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                             21416                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                        7232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              46958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.004685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.068288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    46738     99.53%     99.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      220      0.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                46958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             50072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1020999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            75603000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                21416                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3809.920055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                25512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.952767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    43.033048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3766.887007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.010506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.919650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.930156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               424240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              424240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst               27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst              27                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total             92                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        25108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        25422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          25200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         25200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10120000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10120000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33398000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2701464000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2734862000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2711584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2744982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     33398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2711584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2744982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        25109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25450                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        25201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           25542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        25201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          25542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998900                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.920821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       110000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       110000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106363.057325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107593.754978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107578.554008                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106363.057325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107602.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107587.285412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106363.057325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107602.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107587.285412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25108                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        25421                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8280000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8280000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27046000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2199304000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2226350000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2207584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2234630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2207584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2234630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.917889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        90000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86408.945687                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87593.754978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87579.166831                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86408.945687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87602.539683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87587.896367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86408.945687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87602.539683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87587.896367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         46733                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21222                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6398692000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            21108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               92                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         25420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        72245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1640000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1640000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1640000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             25512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   25512    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               25512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            47185000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          137699500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
